if you cut through a firefighter what is
he there for to serve the community
a firefighter risks their life day in
day out to save members of community
irrespective of the color.this income to
a new part of your unit and you've got
to belongs because this is like a family
because we spend so much time with each
other you get to know people you know
girlfriends children you guys drinking
together you sleep together at work you
see some wake you know it is a family
isn't it and people will be on the stage
for 25 years
pulling out the station full steam ahead
left right swinging a lighter red angel
roars like this gonna explode
I'm adjusting
just
um which FBI pull out the real moving to
the building nerves while steel campers
on flower are working as a team we'll
put together a well machinist my watch
my mind
Gau watch their might to keep your belly
low one false step
by a fighter
just another call just another shout the
people inside and we gotta get him out
pull em out careful and the time one
false step and a life's on the line get
another ladder to the
place based on now body
the truck when you put on the fly
what
the guy
five
that's what people don't realize is we
are a community
each watching we all stand again
but listen you can be Lowe's
back to the station will laughing me
crash your turn might to get the super
everybody's diving broke sit down
uncle's a siren another bloody shout
about bullet ships down
I didn't teach them again and